Previously on Sons of
Anarchy...
TARA: I found some of JT’s
old letters.
John wanted to end the
relationship with the Irish,
stop the club from selling guns.
He was killed before that
meeting happened.
You kill the drug muling,
or I’ll let the rest of
the club read the letters.
(Piney groans)
CLAY: Where are they?
Where are the letters?
Tara still got ’em?
Just leave her out of it, huh?
Too late.
(Piney groans)
We have an internal threat.
I’m afraid
she’s gonna expose us.
The doctor.
That’s your V.P.’s old lady.
Hoping you might want
to handle it.
We’ll clean it up.
Providence Hospital in
Oregon– they’re interested in
me.
You should go.
Bring the boys with you.
And we’ll figure it out.
Have him pull a
sample from the load.
If he gets caught,
they’ll kill him.
Jesus. You took it?
Let’s go.
Here.
(gunshot)
(grunting)
The way you handled
this thing with Miles– I’m
proud of you.
You’ve earned this.
(Juice gasping)
(Juice sobbing)
JAX: What’s going on?
I need your advice,
brother.
What about it?
Thought you caught it on a
security chain at Oswald’s.
Oh, shit, Juice.
I don’t know what
happened, man.
I guess... doing the time.
The Russians.
Then, Miles, and...
I’m not sure how you
handle this.
It was a mistake.
I know that.
All right, give us a
minute.
Jesus Christ.
Found him at Oswald’s.
Trying to hide the evidence.
Sons don’t kill
themselves.
Club’s gonna
vote him out.
No one’s gonna
trust him.
I know.
But you do?
My first kill for the
Irish– young Constable
in Omagh.
My age.
Me and him could
have been classmates.
I put two bullets in the back of
that boy’s head.
Never even seen it coming.
Shit broke me, Jackie.
Came close to swinging from that
tree myself.
Big difference between
thinking about it
and actually doing it.
Aye.
Let me... let me watch him for
a while, figure him out, find
out where he’s really at.
And we got to get Clay to take
him off this cartel shit.
Yeah, okay.
That Lobo we pressed
was telling the truth.
Our intel confirms there are two
dozen Lobo Sonora in the area,
making alliances for their coke.
Who are they reaching
out to?
We’re not sure.
How about Henry Lin?
The Chinese branching out?
I don’t think so.
Chinks’ H trade has been
growing.
They’ve taken over the Maze.
That’s Niner turf.
Laroy’s just handed over his
territory?
CLAY: Oh, shit.
Maybe it’s Laroy who’s doing the
branching out.
Found himself a new product.
Oh, my God. That would explain
why he’s been MIA the last few
times we reached out.
What’s your
relationship with them?
Peaceful.
Has been for the past two years.
Yeah, we’re supposed to
drop guns to them next week.
All right, we’ll move it up,
meet today.
We’ll find out where they’re at.
I have three dozen men
on the way, be here by noon.
We’ll back you up.
If the Niners are buying
from Lobo, this guy is gonna
slaughter them.
That changes the
whole dynamic in Oaktown.
It wipes diplomacy off the table
for good.
Maybe it’s time we
cleaned house.
Relationships are overrated.
(keypad beeps)
(line ringing)
(phone buzzing)
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye. ♪
JAX: Thanks, Mom.
Did you talk to your
dad today?
Nope.
CLAY: Baby.
Where’s Juice?
Sheriffs are clearing out of TM,
so I put him at the clubhouse,
sweeping for bugs,
checking the hard drives.
Good.
OPIE:
You really think
Laroy’s stepping on us?
Hooked up with Lobo?
It all points that way.
So what happens now?
Yeah, what happens
when we find out Lobos are
working with the Salvadorans or
the Armenians?
What, we gonna take on
everybody?
This ain’t us leading
the charge.
It’s Romeo and Luis.
It’s their fight.
Look, if the Niners are
working with the Lobo, we’ll get
them to arrange a meet.
Galindo can take it from there.
Send this beef back to the
border.
Yeah,’cause all our
plans with these guys have
worked out just perfectly.
Enough!
We voted it in!
We play it out.
(door opens)
You can’t get behind that, turn
in your goddamn patch.
(door closes)
Irish.
O’Shay and Rourke.
CLAY: Gaalan.
Appreciate the call.
GAALAN:
We’ve discussed your
request at great length.
Reactions are mixed, Clay.
Council’s worried about
Mr. Galindo.
RPGs, 50-cals– those are
headline-making weapons.
CLAY: The guy running it,
Parada, I trust him.
He’s a soldier, just like us.
GAALAN:
Aye, but he’s in a
very different war.
We can’t sit back and
judge him, Gaalan.
If we took responsibility
for every bullet fired
from our guns...
We know how the
cartel does business.
They’re heathens.
CLAY: Galindo will have
bought more guns in two months
than all my other buyers in the
last two years, combined.
Just sit down with them,
brother.
If you don’t like what you hear,
take your big guns and go home.
And you’ll be at that
sit-down?
CLAY: Absolutely.
I’m your guy, Gaalan.
Hey, I’m gonna help you make the
biggest deal in the history of
your organization.
Set the meet.
We’ll be there.
But no guarantees, Clay.
Understood.
Thank you.
Your guys already left.
Crime scene’s down.
Oh, it was just a
follow-up.
You have got to pick up the
phone when I call you, Juice.
Now, there’s six disposable
burners in there, and I know
you’re responsible for the
club’s communication.
I’m done.
I can’t do this anymore.
Jesus Christ.
What did you do?
Tell them I want out.
- Morning.
You still upset
with me?
No. Come in.
It was hospital
policy.
Any threat against personnel had
to be reported.
I know.
I’m fine.
There’s a neonatal
conference tomorrow.
Providence is hosting.
I’m going.
Good.
I’m happy to hear that.
They’ll be a great fit for you,
Tara.
Yeah.
(both laugh)
I have a favor to ask.
Of course.
I’m going to leave
something with you.
If anything happens to me...
What do you mean?
What’s going to happen?
No, no, no. Nothing.
Um, just, if it did, I... I want
you to give it to Jax.
If not Jax, Piney Winston.
- Can you do that?
- I don’t like this.
No, it’s nothing illegal.
It’s just some letters, and...
What is it?
Uh... I must have left
them at home.
I’m here all day.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I’ll come find you.
Thanks.
You duplicitous bitch.
POTTER:
Did you give Juice
the tapped burners?
He’s calling our bluff.
Told me to rat him out,
he’s done.
I doubt that’s true.
He’s testing us.
No. He’s not.
He tried to hang himself.
Bruises all over his neck.
That’s unfortunate.
ROOSEVELT:
He’s unstable.
He doesn’t care if they
kill him.
He won’t be
much use for us.
Let him hear the tape.
This was recorded at Stockton’s
infirmary visitation...
two days ago–
Robert Munson and Otto Delaney.
OTTO: You find him?
BOBBY: Yeah.
BOBBY:
Georgie Caruso.
He’s the one who killed her.
OTTO:
You finish it?
BOBBY:
Yep. We took him out.
(recorder clicks off)
Get Munson for murder.
GRAD:
Not exactly.
This is Georgie Caruso,
porn king.
These were taken yesterday.
Yesterday?
So, why would Munson lie?
POTTER: Guilt. He was bedding
down Otto’s now dead wife.
Trying to soothe Otto’s pain by
convincing him Caruso killed her
and that the club finished him
off.
So turn Otto
against Munson.
Otto Delaney has endured
more pain and suffering
for his organization than any
other felon I’ve ever known.
I think this betrayal pushes him
over the line.
Even if you tie
down your past connection,
you’ll still need the present.
We’ll have enough to
prosecute with what we have.
I just need more specifics
from Juice.
Well, I doubt that
you’ll get anything.
POTTER: Perhaps.
Let’s just see where this
magical day takes us.
(indistinct chatter)
LAROY: What up, bro?
JAX: All right.
- It’s been a minute, gentlemen.
- Yes, it has.
Seems like our state
facility treated y’all well.
(Clay chuckles)
So why are we meeting down here
in the middle of the dead zone?
Y’all got some new merchandise
y’all need to shoot off?
CLAY: Nah.
We just like the peace
and quiet.
Yo, where the guns at?
Get ’em.
JAX: How’s business?
Can’t complain.
You, uh, rolling a
little deep for a pickup.
So are you.
JAX:
I hear you’re moving out of H.
You got a new product.
- Carousel of progress.
- Cocaine carousel?
Not your business.
You sell the guns,
I’ll sell the drugs.
Look, man,
it’s all our business.
We made a deal with Galindo.
You buying from Lobo
puts us at odds.
We can’t have that.
I don’t give a shit
who you’re dealing with.
You don’t tell me how to make my
goddamn money.
I ain’t gonna tell you
anything, but I have a feeling
these guys might be weighing in.
LAROY: What is this?
You set me up?
(Luis speaking Spanish)
JAX: Don’t!
(men shouting)
Easy! Back off!
Back off!
These assholes will cut
off your goddamn head.
(whispering): Be cool, and I
will try to get you
out of here alive.
Lobo approached us last month,
before you guys even got out.
We didn’t know about Galindo.
CLAY: What’d they offer?
Manpower, protection,
a piece of anyone else we
brought in to buy.
They want to grow.
Call them.
Tell them you have a big buyer
with an urgent need.
I’m gonna line up your men, I’m
gonna gun them down, and I’m
gonna drop their bodies on their
mother’s doorstep.
Let us talk to him.
Come on.
I turn on Lobo,
they’ll crucify us.
You see what we got
behind us here?
You don’t get on board,
there won’t be anything
left to crucify.
Bro, we cannot get in
the middle of a cartel beef.
Got to roll with Galindo.
We’ll talk to Alvarez, figure
out a way to cut in the Niners.
(Laroy exhales)
All right.
(song playing quietly in
background)
Oh, Jesus.
Oh...
Oh!
(sighs)
(crying): I told you.
Goddamn it, I told you!
You s... stupid old man!
(sobbing)
Gee.
UNSER (exhales): Jesus.
GEMMA: How did this happen,
Wayne?
This had to be Clay.
He lied to me last night.
Told me he was at the clubhouse.
We burned those letters.
There was no proof.
Why would he have to do this?
Clay read the letters.
The ones you saw burning
were copies.
He thinks... Tara and Piney have
the originals.
You son of a bitch.
I thought I could prevent this.
That’s why you’ve been
hovering over Tara.
UNSER: Clay is like a
wounded animal, Gemma.
He’s gonna rip apart anything
that comes too close.
Including Tara.
I can’t protect your old man
anymore.
I’m calling this in to the
Sheriff’s.
Have ’em pick up Clay.
No.
The next corpse you’re
gonna be standing over
is the mother
of your grandchild.
Are you ready for that?
Clay cannot be saved.
You’re right.
He’s a wounded animal.
And he needs us, Wayne, more
than ever.
What kind of wife would I be if
I... if I turn on him now?
One that wanted
to survive.
I love him.
And we are all
responsible for this.
Our hands are just as bloody
as Clay’s.
Did you lie
to me, too?
Did you know the real reason why
Clay wanted JT dead?
Him... ending guns?
I supported
Clay’s decision.
I knew it was the
best thing for the town...
and the club...
and my family.
I never knew the details.
I’m gonna choose to
believe that.
(Unser grunts, exhales)
We have to find
those letters, Wayne.
I can prove to Clay
that there’s no threat.
I know I can bring him close
again, I know I can.
Please, Wayne?
(Unser panting)
It, uh, looks like...
Clay made an attempt to point
this at the cartel shit.
I can help with that.
And make sure it doesn’t
blow back on him...
or the club.
Thank you.
You should get
out of here.
I-I can handle this.
So...
- Where’s this new buyer?
- Waiting for my call.
You have the blow?
CRUZ: Three keys, half
already cut and bagged.
They’re a few
minutes away.
(phone dialing)
(gunshot)
(man shouting)
(gunfire, indistinct shouting)
Go, go. Flank ’em.
Get us out of here.
Shit! Get down!
¡Vámonos!
(tires screeching)
Goddamn it!
What the hell was that?!
Guess the threat was bigger
than you thought, huh?
Line ’em up.
Hurry!
JAX: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?!
Sending a message.
Clay! You can’t let them
do this.
I did what you asked!
Clay.
You can’t do this.
This is not
your business.
It’s all our business!
This isn’t Mexico.
We’re not kings here, man.
We got to work with other crews.
You start gunning people down,
no one is going to trust us.
You want to move your product,
we need relationships.
- Not this relationship.
- Laroy made a bad choice.
Better message is that he
changed his mind, decided to
roll with Galindo.
You kill this guy, you’re
killing everything.
One more bad decision,
and I’m gonna wipe 19th
Street from the map.
You got a minute?
BOBBY: Get ’em up.
- JAX: Yeah, come on.
- BOBBY: Get ’em up.
Thanks.
Romeo wanted me to let
you know... he has a solution to
your doctor problem.
There’s only one number on the
speed dial, so call it when you
have a time and a place.
But he’s an independent
contractor,
so once it’s set in
motion, it can’t be stopped.
Yeah, okay.
(whispering): This can’t blow
back on me...
or my club.
It has to look like something
from the outside.
Well, considering our
current state of affairs, that
doesn’t seem to be a problem.
(whistles)
LUIS: Let’s go.
- You waiting on Jax?
- No.
You took the letters from my
office.
(Gemma sighs)
I had Unser take ’em.
He burned ’em before I could
read any of it.
Also told me they were copies,
which means you still have the
originals.
You have no idea what you just
stirred up.
I haven’t done anything
with them.
- You let Piney read ’em.
- No, I didn’t.
I-I asked him about John, told
him I read some things.
Did he say that he read them?
You want out of here?
Don’t you?
Look at the last three weeks,
Gemma. We are all in danger.
How could you want your
grandchildren to be raised in
this chaos?
Then why didn’t you
let Jax read those letters?
You were right.
Things John wrote about would be
very painful for Jax to read.
The truth about Clay...
You’re afraid Jax
would kill him.
Yeah.
Finding out how John really felt
at the end– it would break
Jax’s heart knowing how he had
been hating his father so...
deeply.
Th-The, the guilt would push him
deeper into the club, and...
I’d lose him.
What about me?
What would he feel about me if
he read ’em?
TARA: He’d learn some hurtful
truth.
You being with Clay
before John died.
(Gemma sighs)
I made mistakes.
Did you know that Clay
tried to kill JT?
I know what everyone
else does.
John went out the way they
should all go out– on two
wheels at high speed.
I don’t know if Clay killed JT.
All I know is, he brought me
back to life.
What are you gonna do?
I’m gonna drive up to
Oregon tomorrow.
Surgical conference.
Give me some time to think.
POTTER: Mr. Delaney, Deputy
Sheriff Marcel.
Thank you for seeing me again.
More family photos?
Not quite. There were
a couple of suspects
in your wife’s murder.
One was Georgie Caruso.
I know Robert Munson was trying
to convince you that
he was guilty,
but Georgie’s alibi
checks out.
He was in Thailand when Luann
was murdered.
I also know Bobby led you to
believe that the club had
avenged Luann’s death, but...
that’s not true either.
That’s Mr. Caruso outside of his
place of business yesterday.
Time stamp’s in the corner.
I can make arrangements for you
to reach out and confirm.
Georgie’s alive and well.
This makes no sense.
Why...
Why would they lie to me?
They didn’t kill
Georgie because he wasn’t
guilty.
I still believe the statistic
holds true.
Bobby Elvis was sleeping with
Luann.
When he became concerned that
you and the club would find out,
he killed her.
You came to Stockton to do a
six-year stretch.
The moves you made in here for
the club added another 30. You
lost your freedom,
your vision...
your sanity.
And now you’re on death row.
Seems to me there is a
substantial inequity at play
here.
Who are you?
Sheriffs don’t have the juice to
bug infirmary visitation rooms.
I’m just a guy trying
to balance the scales.
(knock on door)
JAX: Can I talk to you for a
minute?
What’s going on?
Tara’s going to head up
to Oregon tomorrow.
Yeah, I know.
She’s taking the boys
with her.
Why?
She’s their mother.
She’s gonna
take Elyda to help her.
- For how long?
- I’m not sure.
What are you doing,
Jackson?
I’m getting my boys
clear of headless bodies.
You can’t do that.
Mom, it’s just until we
get past this cartel shit.
Tara’s just doing what you would
do.
She’s protecting her family.
(footfalls approaching)
Sorry. I was wondering
if you’d seen Juice.
He’s not picking up his cell
phone and, uh, I can’t find him.
Shit.
(Roosevelt clears his throat)
Hello, Juan Carlos.
Lincoln Potter.
I’m a big fan.
What the hell is this?
I’m so glad you
asked.
(keypad beeping)
(buzzing)
After you, sir.
Oh, shit.
POTTER: Have you ever seen
the inside of a RICO operation?
(guttural cry)
MAN: Get off him!
(Juice screaming)
(panting)
You were great today.
Talking the cartel down, saving
Laroy and all those other guys.
It was impressive.
This club needs that.
Can’t lose you.
Yeah, I know you’re jumping out
with Clay.
(Jax sighs)
Who told you?
It was Clay talking to
me about handing me the gavel
after he steps down.
You are supposed to be
the next president, not me.
It’s your path.
It isn’t.
You ain’t gonna make
it anyplace else.
I’m gonna try.
Like you tried with
Ima.
Your solution to a problem will
always be a club solution.
It’s the way you’re wired.
I can change.
Yeah.
Well, maybe.
(Jax sighs)
You told Bobby I was
getting out?
Promised him that seat?
I’m sorry.
Opie can’t lead this club.
It’s just not who he is.
I’m only trying to protect what
we worked so hard to build.
At this rate, ain’t
gonna be much left of that
building.
(Clay scoffs)
The cartel was a mistake.
You almost took Bobby’s
head off this morning for
barking that same gripe.
I’m not just griping about it.
We need an exit strategy.
I’m gonna come up with one, and
then I’m out.
What are you talking
about?
We’re gonna make this
deal with the Irish,
get Romeo his WMDs,
and then we’re gonna
sit down and plan a way to get
this club free of Galindo.
See an end date.
And then I’m gone.
I’m taking Tara and my boys, and
we’re getting clear of this.
You promised me, you
would finish this out.
And you promised me the
cartel would be good for the
club.
I guess we both lied.
This doctor pussy’s
clouding who you are, son.
If you ever talk that
way about Tara again,
I will pound those half-dead
hands so hard into this table,
you won’t ever be able to hold
that gavel again.
(door opens, then closes)
POTTER: We’ve been on this RICO
operation for almost two years.
Started with the Russians,
and it’s ending with
Sons of Anarchy.
We’re turning Otto Delaney.
He’ll give us past criminal
activities.
That coupled with the MC’s
ongoing relationship
with the cartel
will give us our historical
pattern of organized crime.
I have enough to shut down every
charter from here to Belfast.
No. You don’t.
Or you wouldn’t be
standing here.
I want the Real IRA.
I can collect you and the
Mexicans without issue,
but the clandestine Irish, even
with the help of Scotland Yard
and Interpol, will be impossible
to hurt at home.
They will slither back into
their secret snake holes, and
the source of all my woes will
still be at large.
I don’t know where they are.
Never met them.
MI-5 intelligence has
confirmed the Irish Kings are
planning a trip stateside.
Most likely to accompany a
shipment.
But I know it’s about a
face-to-face with the cartel.
Old-school protocol.
You’re going to find out when
and where that handshake
happens.
That’s above my pay
grade.
Well, then, I suggest
you apply yourself.
If you give me the information
on the cartel-Irish sit-down,
I will extract the Sons from the
RICO equation.
You’re gonna just let
us walk?
POTTER: No.
But I won’t use Federal law to
shut down your entire
organization.
What happens to my
club?
Some members of
SAMCRO will have to pay for
their involvement,
but the Sons of Anarchy
Motorcycle Club will survive.
Maybe saving the reaper will be
just the karmic balm your
psychic neck wound needs.
Little late for Legos,
ain’t it?
I guess.
(Gemma sighs)
(swing squeaking)
(Clay sighs)
Rough day.
Yeah.
I live with so many lies, Clay.
So many things I...
can’t ever speak of.
I’m okay with that.
I do it to protect what we have.
But I can’t lie to you.
You’re the only truth I have.
I know, baby.
I went to the cabin today.
I know why you did it.
I know you read JT’s letters.
Burned the copies.
So... what do we do
with this truth?
Nothing.
Stays between us.
Piney wanted a hard way out.
Going down defending John
was probably the noblest
way for him.
But it stops here.
I talked to Tara.
She’s never gonna tell Jax about
those letters.
She knows it would push him
deeper into the club.
She’s heading out of town
tomorrow morning.
Going up to Oregon for some
hospital thing.
When she gets back, I’ll get the
letters.
And I promise you...
I won’t let her hurt this club
or our family.
But you have to promise me...
you won’t hurt Tara.
Okay.
Look me in the eyes
and tell me.
I promise...
I won’t hurt Tara.
I love you, Gemma.
Everything I do is for you.
♪ Mother
Try to do right by you ♪
♪ Do what you asked me to
I did wrong and I knew ♪
♪ Mother... ♪
Got any more room in
there?
(Tara sighs)
I’m coming with you.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I’m gonna drive
you up, have someone from Rogue
River bring me home.
I’m out, babe.
Just got a few things to tie up
when I get back.
(Jax laughs)
(both laugh)
(Jax sighs)
- Be home in a few.
- Okay.
♪ Father ♪
♪ Well, I’ll give
my soul to you ♪
♪ Open your arms and I’ll fly
out of hell up to you ♪
♪ I wish it was true. ♪
(speed-dialing)
(line ringing)